python GrS2

Introductions:


Trial instructor: worked on spirals, didn't get to randomized projects

How old are you? What grade are you in now?

What do you like to do?

Videogames? I play pretty much everything on steam
	play some fortnite, but I prefer minecraft
	overwatch, terraria, subnautica, PUBG, stardew valley, 


Ask him to share his screen with me: on the bottom bar of the video, there should be a big green button. If you click it, you should see an option called "share screen"
--share your "desktop" or "screen 1" - should be the top left/first one


navigating juni app:
	to get to the place where we're gonna write code, you click on the "My Code" button at the top. Then, click on the module you want (we're doing the second one right now) and you should be at the coding screen! There's a drop-down menu of the different projects we can do in this module - let's start with the first one
	
	we're not doing all the supplementary ones, but if you want to you're definitely welcome to



Make sure to explain:

	making a turtle
	telling a turtle to move, turn, goto
	pen up/down
	setting the color, setting screen color
	Loops
		way for us to tell the computer to repeat a piece of code as many times as we want. instead of having to type "move forward and turn" 10 times, we can type it once, then tell the computer "do this ten times"
		for loop
		for every number from one to ten == do this ten times
		do it ten times == for loop in range(10)
			
	
	console, how to look at errors
	
	
		
	fill command, time permitting
	pensize, time permitting


X/Y Coordinate system
	do you know what the x/y coordinate system is
	system for keeping track of where we are on the screen. It's easy to see where something is on the screen and point to it, but this is how we tell computers that information.
	2 directions: horizontal (so left and right) is the x-axis, vertical (up/down) is the y-axis


Degrees:
	do you know what degrees are, how many in a circle
	there's 360 degrees in a circle
		-if he asks why:
			people decided it would be that way
			it's convenient for math
			actually comes from ancient egypt and mesopotamia, because they loved perfect triangles and exactly six of them fit into a circle
		the turtle always starts facing to the right. This is 0 degrees
		turn left 90 == face up
		left() and right() always turn relative from where your turtle is facing
		setheading() makes him face a specific degree






Making a circle?
	it's like a shape with lots and lots and lots of sides
	instead of making a true perfect circle, let's make a shape with like 60 sides







Supplementary:

	Smiley Extras: add a nose, other features like eyebrows/sunglasses, revamp mouth and eyes

	Make a couple more shapes: hexagon, star
	Make a bullseye
	Make a car/taxi


HOMEWORK:
--finish the smiley face project (30 min max if they haven't made much progress)
--make a bullseye (aka a target, like the target logo) - if he's done this, try to make captain america's shield
--show your parents or somebody else